Friends, you're all smart people. You
know what AI does. You know how it
works. And I am urging you to use your
intelligence and not let AI do things
that we know it is not good at. Don't
let it make direct content you publish.
You see those blog posts that have
images and videos in them that are
obvious AI.
It makes the brand feel cheap. It makes
the content feel like crap. You close it
immediately. No one shares it. Don't let
it tell you how or where to do your
marketing. That that's strategy stuff.
You need real audience research about
who your customers are and what they do
and what they like and where they go and
what they listen to. Don't let it craft
your messaging either. I I realize that
in Google Ads or meta ads, there are use
cases where AI seems to do as good or
better a job than many humans. Fine, but
leave it there. Don't let it write the
content of your homepage. Don't let it
craft your CTAs.
Instead, let AI give you ideas. It's
really good at that. It's a spicy
autocomplete system. I want to show you
a quick example. I look, I'm not saying
we're perfect at this, but I think Spark
Toro is doing something kind of cool on
this front, which is, you know, if you
run an audience research report, we saw
that a bunch of people hit this export
all data, uploaded this CSV to chat GBT,
and then asked it a bunch of questions
to give it ideas, right? Which is which
is fine. There's nothing wrong with
that. It works well. You know what the
frustrating part is? The prompt
engineering. And so, look, Spark Toro,
what we did is build good prompts for
getting all that stuff right into the
system. It's in this take action
section, which hasn't launched yet, but
will quite soon. We'd love your help
beta testing it when it does. So, you
can do things like, hey, go ahead and
generate some headline ideas for me. So,
we can say, hey, for Codesmith, uh, my
primary goal is sales. I'm targeting
B2B. My product category is uh learn to
code.
My the name of my product is codesmith
funnel stage I'm targeting is
decisionmaking and the primary source of
traffic to the site well to this
particular page this landing page which
we're going to make a landing page is
organic search. So now what Spark Tour
does is feeds all this content about the
audience and all of the prompts that
I've just, you know, entered, the data
that I've entered into Chat GPT's API.
And what comes back are headline,
suggestions that are ideas that fit with
exactly what you might want. So you
could say like, "Hey, I want to copy
this one. I think fastest skilling teams
choose Codesmith. That's a really good
headline. I'm going to take it. Why is
it good at giving you ideas but not
great at publishable stuff? Because you
need to massage this. You need to make
sure that you're looking at it with a
human being's eyes. You're thinking
about brand. You're thinking about
marketing. You're thinking about
accuracy. You're thinking about
comprehensiveness. You're thinking about
the customer and the audience.
It It's great for this kind of stuff.
And and we've developed a ton of
different prompts. Everything from
brainstorming visual content ideas for
your social media posts to identifying
content gaps by analyzing uh you know
the stuff that's already on your site
versus topics, making better landing
pages. I I really like the identify
highly followed accounts in a in a
sector. You can like choose specifically
to say, "Oh, I want just LinkedIn." And
it's like, yeah, look, these are the
people who influence folks in the coding
world on LinkedIn. And that looks pretty
darn good to me. So I look, I'm not
saying that this is perfect. You might
be able to do even better with your
custom prompts, but it's a really nice
use case and it fits with what I think
AI is actually good at, which is ideas
for people, not replacement of humans.